Update Windows-Install-Binary.rst (#4054)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Windows-Install-Binary.rst

.. note::

    There may be more than one binary download option which might cause the file name to differ. 

>     If you encounter a warning message similar to ``[rti_context_adds_cmake_module]``, feel free to ignore it. 

Reviewer: I don't think this is the exact error message; at the very least it would be something like `rti_connext_cmake_module`.  But I don't think we should put a warning in unless we know exactly what we are warning against.  So let's find the exact error message and put that in.

>     This warning does not indicate any issues with the ROS2 installation functionality.

Reviewer 2: space between ROS and 2, @christophebedard created awesome site for this, https://shouldiputaspacebetweenrosand2.com/ 😄  (referred from https://discourse.ros.org/t/should-i-put-a-space-between-ros-and-2/27949)

```suggestion
    This warning does not indicate any issues with the ROS 2 installation functionality.
```

   call C:\dev\ros2_{DISTRO}\local_setup.bat

It is normal that the previous command, if nothing else went wrong, outputs "The system cannot find the path specified." exactly once.

> If you encounter a warning message similar to ``[rti_context_adds_cmake_module]``, feel free to ignore it.

Reviewer: This is still not the correct error message.  It should say something about `connext`.

   call C:\dev\ros2_{DISTRO}\local_setup.bat

> It is normal that the previous command, if nothing else went wrong, outputs "The system cannot find the path specified." exactly once. 

Reviewer: Please don't add in an extra space here.
